WHAT DOES IT guys and welcome back.
So now in this video we're going to be working up with our whole website.
OK.
So first of all we basically need to work on the home page.
And we in order to create it in order to make the home page we need to create the home page.
Let's go to add Neal and let's create it.
OK.
I want to go to the and Neal in here I want to create a new page and that will be my home page OK.
And what I want to do right now I want to just hit publish.
OK.
So instead of this we have the use the DVD player.
So let's just hit publish and let's go to our theme customizes.
Let's go to that appearance and then let's go to the Customize So it's going to take us to the Customize
page.
We will be moving on to this device builder builder later on.
OK.
And here you can see that we can customize our whole web site.
So first thing we have to just come here to the home base setting and then we have to go to the aesthetic
Bage.
And we have to select our home page and then hit publish and there we go.
You can see that this is our home page so you can go to the general settings right here or you can go
to this site identity.
You can change your site title your tight tight tagline and then a site icon.
So what I want to change I want to change the best
event manage ment company.
OK.
What I'm going to do I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit save the publish.
And now here I can move on to the layout settings so if I wanted the box layout I'll just select it
and you can see that my web site is basically based on a Boggs layout.
So if you want to create a very safe like this you can also create it.
But nowadays people don't create these type of say the box layout to make sure that you use this one
use custom sidebar which you can choose the custom sidebar vaid if you want to I'll just uncheck it.
OK.
And then I have the section heights you can control manage this section hide the row height and the
verb say can and fit as well.
OK so I'll be just choosing this one normal one because since we will not be working at these settings
we will be just creating moving on but the builder itself.
That is why you can do anything.
So what I'm going to do right now I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish.
OK.
And I want to just go back and I want to move on the demand you were here first and then we'll move
further.
So I want to create a new page and my page will be about page
here.
I want to enter about and I want to hit publish.
So now I have to go to.
And I also want one more page and that will be my contact page.
So let's click this ad again.
And here we are.
Now here I have to enter conduct sorry conduct.
Now I have to hit publish.
And here we go.
So we have three pages right now.
Home About end contact.
And now I have to go to that appearance and then I have to go to the menus right here.
And then here I have to enter a new menu so this will be menu one.
I mean create menu and this will be my primary menu basically.
So I'm just going to select the primary menu I'm going to select home about and contact and I'm going
to say to you.
Let's go to the pages and let's really dissemble page because we don't need it right now.
Stay and save money.
And let's go to the pages all pages and let's remove that page.
OK.
So I want to go to pages and then here is the sample page.
I'm just going to crash and it should be added to the trash so we can completely remove it from the
trash as well.
If you want it to leak permanently.
OK.
And here we go.
Now let's go to our pages all pages.
And then here we need to go to the home page.
And now here what we need to do we just need to click used to defeat builder.
So here we are.
And now what we have to do we have to just said use visual builder and it's going to take us to the
main page where we can edit our whole website.
So let's see how our website rebuilder looks
OK.
Here we go.
If you're using this for the first time then it's going to show you this.
Welcome to the builders started building.
Take the tour.
So I'm just going to start building because I want to start the building for me right now.
OK.
And it's going to refresh right now.
And let's see how our interview below looks.
This is how our TV builder is looking.
We have our home about contact.
OK we need to align this we will align this later on.
And then we have everything.
So here is the content area where we can manage everything we can just change it like this.
We can change everything from here and we will design this now.
So let's just go ahead.
Let's head save.
You have to just click this icon that Taser this tree.
You have to click here and you can see it's easy to save.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit save.
And this is my home page that is saved right now.
I'm just going to click here.
I am just going to click.
Exit visual builder right here and it's an exit and it's going to take me to the page itself so this
is how my home page is looking right now.
I'm just going to go to the menus right here.
And then we basically need to bring this up and bring this to the center and let's save So let's have
a look at our website right now and you can see this is how I rotate it looking.
So you can go to the visual builder right clicking this button.
Or you can go to the edit page.
And then here should be the visual builder product that's you have to click here there and then it'll
take you there.
So you can see this is how the builder is you have to just click use the visual builder.
So in the next video we'll be working up individual builder village just designing the slider so we
can also add slider amazing slider we'll design some sliders and then we will be moving on with the
header.
We will just move on but we have to choose a color theme basically a color scheme.
I have to focus on that color scheme and then we have to design stuff.
So in the next video we'll be doing that.
Good bye guys.